Add python threading workout (#2689)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/python-core/python-threading/creating-threads.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

tags:
  - must-know

type: normal

category: coding

revisionQuestion:
  formats:
    - fill-in-the-gap
  context: standalone
  
---

# Creating Threads

---

## Content

To use threads we can import the standard built-in python `threading` module.

```python
import threading
```

To create a new thread, we will instantiate it with a function.

```python
# Some Function
def someFunction():
   for x in range(5):
      print("I am a thread!!!")

# First Thread
firstThread = 
  threading.Thread(
    target=someFunction
  )
```

After creating it, we need to start it using the built-in `start()` method:
```python
firstThread.start()
```

Which gives us this output:
```plain-text
I am a thread!!!

I am a thread!!!
I am a thread!!!
I am a thread!!!
I am a thread!!!
```

> We can use some built-in methods to see how many threads we have or if there are any that are stil active:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use some built-in methods to see how many threads we have or if there're any that are still active:
```
